Refactor `BenchmarkReporter` (#11090)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: galata/README.md

Galata can be configured by using [command line arguments](https://playwright.dev/docs/cli) or using [`playwright.config.js` file](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-configuration). Full list of config options can be accessed using `jlpm playwright test --help`.

### Custom benchmark report

By default, Galata will generate a text report in the form of `markdown` table and a [_Vega-Lite_](https://vega.github.io/vega-lite) graph of execution time distribution. Users can customize these reports in two ways:

> - Using `playwright.config.js` file: in `reporter` section, users can supply two functions `vegaLiteConfigFactory` and `textReportFactory` to the reporter's constructor options. These functions will be used to create Vega-Lite configuration (`vegaLiteConfigFactory`) or to create a text report (`textReportFactory`) from test records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using `playwright.config.js` file: in `reporter` section, users can supply two functions `vegaLiteConfigFactory` and `textReportFactory` to the reporter's constructor options. These functions will be used to create [Vega-Lite configuration](https://vega.github.io/vega-lite/docs/) (`vegaLiteConfigFactory`) or to create a text report (`textReportFactory`) from test records.
```

```javascript

> //An example of `playwright.config.js` with customized builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // An example of `playwright.config.js` with customized builder
```

  reporter: [
    ...,
    [
      '@jupyterlab/galata/lib/benchmarkReporter',
      { outputFile: 'lab-benchmark.json',
        vegaLiteConfigFactory: (
          allData: Array<IReportRecord>, // All test records
          comparison: 'snapshot' | 'project'// Logic of test comparisons:'snapshot' or 'project'.

>         ) => JSONObject = ..., // Return the Vega-Lite graph configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ) => {
          // Return a Vega-Lite graph configuration object
          return {};
        }
```

        textReportFactory: (
          allData: Array<IReportRecord> // All test records

>         ) => Promise<[string, string]> = ... // Return a promise of two strings, the first one
>         //is the content of report, the second one this the extension of report file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ) => {
          // Return a promise of with the tuple [report content, file extension]
          return Promise.resolve(['My report content', 'md']);
        }
```

      }
    ],
    ...
  ]
```

> - The second way to customize the reports is to override the default text report builder (`defaultBuildMarkdownTable`) and Vega-Lite graph builder (`defaultBuildReportGraphConfig`) of `BenchmarkReporter` class in a sub-class and then use it as a reporter in `playwright.config.js` file.

Reviewer: Would you mind renaming `defaultBuildMarkdownTable` and `defaultBuildReportGraphConfig` to have coherent name with the options. This will easy code comprehension.
